docs: Add generate-feature-docs skill and CLAUDE.md (#913)
gini/gini-mobile-android: .claude/skills/gini-doc/templates/transfer-summary-extension.md

<!--
  MIRRORED FILE — must stay byte-identical to the same path in gini-mobile-ios
  (listed in .github/mirrored-skills.txt; synced by shared-skills.sync.yml).
  Platform-specific content is resolved from platform.md via [term: name] and
  [snippet: name] references — see SKILL.md Step 4.

  Template: extraction / transfer-summary extension. Derived from the
  published "Instant Payment" feature page in the developer documentation
  space.
  Use when the feature adds or changes a field in the extraction result and/or
  the transfer summary, without a new pipeline or UI flow.
-->

# [Feature Name]

> **Note:** To use the [Feature Name] feature, please contact Gini Customer Support to have it enabled in our backend platform.

> **Info:** We highly recommend having a QA session with Gini before releasing the [Feature Name] feature to your customers.

[One paragraph: what triggers the new extraction — document content, QR code data, user action — and what the user experiences in the integrating app.]

> You will see the [fieldName] extraction inside the specific extractions of the `AnalysisResult`:

Reviewer: **Blocker:** `AnalysisResult` is a `capture-sdk:default-network` type an integrator never receives — the Bank SDK delivers extractions as `CaptureResult.Success.specificExtractions`. It is also a hardcoded platform noun in a file that must stay byte-identical with iOS, and `platform.md` already defines the term for it.

```suggestion
You will see the [fieldName] extraction inside the specific extractions of `[term: success-result-case]`:
```

Author: Fixed — replaced with `[term: success-result-case]` as suggested, so the mirrored template stays platform-agnostic.
